Our game is designed so that you have to defeat three bosses to win. Each boss requires that you have your points distributed among 5 characteristics in different ways.
There are several ways we could have set this up structurally. For example, Attack() could have been in the Character's class instead of in Boss. Either way, it would need parameters that imported attributes of the other class. Since Character's attributes are constantly being updated throughout the game, while those of the bosses are more static, we thought the logic would be easier to follow if Attack() was in Boss and Character's attributes were the parameters. 
We also decided to make our 3 bosses, Troll, Werewolf, and Dragon, all subclasses of the Boss superclass. This makes sense intuitively, but also allows for the game loop to be written in far fewer lines of code. Since the character interacts with each boss in a similar way, the game loop iterates through the list of three bosses and runs bossLoop() for each one. This also allows for easier additions to the game. If one wanted to update the game to add a new boss, they would just need to make another class and then update the constructor of the Game class. 
Another fun touch we added was starting the Attack loop and quitting the game by typing in your "favorite battle cry" or "victory cry". This was easier for us to code, since anything that wasn't the command to continue was thrown as an exception, but also made the game more exciting for the player.
